<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type"
    content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <title>Gtk2Hs Tutorial</title>
    <link href="default.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="title">
      <h2>Gtk2Hs Tutorial</h2>
    </div>
    <div id="authors">
      <h3>Hans van Thiel</h3>
    </div>
    <div id="credits">
      <h4>An Adaptation of the GTK+ 2.0 Tutorial by</h4>
      <h3>Tony Gale</h3>
      <h3>Ian Main</h3>
      <h4>&amp;</h4>
      <h3>The GTK Team</h3>
    </div>
    <div id="toc">
    <a href="es-index.xhtml">Versi&oacute;n en espa&ntilde;ol</a>
      <h3>Table of Contents</h3>
      <ol>
        <li>
        <a href="chap1.xhtml">1. Introduction</a> 
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap2.xhtml">2. Getting Started</a>
        </li>
        <li>3. Packing 
        <ol>
          <li>
            <a href="chap3-1.xhtml">3.1 Packing Widgets</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap3-2.xhtml">3.2 Packing Demonstration
            Program</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap3-3.xhtml">3.3 Packing Using Tables</a>
          </li>
        </ol></li>
        <li>4. Miscellaneous Widgets 
        <ol>
          <li>
            <a href="chap4-1.xhtml">4.1 The Button Widget</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap4-2.xhtml">4.2 Adjustments, Scale and
            Range</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap4-3.xhtml">4.3 Labels</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap4-4.xhtml">4.4 Arrows and Tooltips</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap4-5.xhtml">4.5 Dialogs, Stock Items and
            Progress Bars</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap4-6.xhtml">4.6 Text Entries and Status
            Bars</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap4-7.xhtml">4.7 Spin Buttons</a>
          </li>
        </ol></li>
        <li>5. Aggregated Widgets 
        <ol>
          <li>
            <a href="chap5-1.xhtml">5.1 Calendar</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap5-2.xhtml">5.2 File Selection</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap5-3.xhtml">5.3 Font and Color
            Selection</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="chap5-4.xhtml">5.4 Notebook</a>
          </li>
        </ol></li>
        <li>6. Supporting Widgets 
        <ol>
          <li>
            <a href="chap6-1.xhtml">6.1 Scrolled Windows</a>
          </li>
           <li>
            <a href="chap6-2.xhtml">6.2 Event Boxes and Button Boxes</a>
          </li>
           <li>
            <a href="chap6-3.xhtml">6.3 The Layout Container</a>
          </li> 
          <li>
            <a href="chap6-4.xhtml">6.4 Paned Windows and Aspect Frames</a>
          </li>          
        </ol></li>
        <li>7. Action Based Widgets
          <ol>
          <li>
          <a href="chap7-1.xhtml">7.1 Menus and Toolbars</a>
          </li>
          <li>
          <a href="chap7-2.xhtml">7.2 Popup Menus, Radio Actions and Toggle Actions</a>
          </li>
          </ol>        
        </li>
        <li>Appendix
          <ol>
          <li>
          <a href="app1.xhtml">Drawing with Cairo: Getting Started</a>
          </li>
          </ol>        
        </li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <h3>Tutorial Copyright and Permissions Notice</h3>
    <p>The GTK Tutorial is Copyright &#169; 1997 Ian Main.</p>
    <p>&#169; 1998-2002 Tony Gale.</p>
    <p>&#169; 2007, 2008 Hans van Thiel and Alex Tarkovsky.</p>
    <p>Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies
    of this manual provided the copyright notice and this
    permission notice are preserved on all copies.</p>
    <p>Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified
    versions of this document under the conditions for verbatim
    copying, provided that this copyright notice is included
    exactly as in the original, and that the entire resulting
    derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission
    notice identical to this one.</p>
    <p>Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of
    this document into another language, under the above conditions
    for modified versions.</p>
    <p>If you are intending to incorporate this document into a
    published work, please contact the maintainer, and we will make
    an effort to ensure that you have the most up to date
    information available.</p>
    <p>There is no guarantee that this document lives up to its
    intended purpose. This is simply provided as a free resource.
    As such, the authors and maintainers of the information
    provided within can not make any guarantee that the information
    is even accurate.</p>
    <h3>Further Acknowledgments</h3>
    <p>We've also made thankful use of 'Programming with gtkmm' by Murray Cumming et al.
     and the Inti (Integrated Foundation Classes) tutorial by the Inti team.</p>
    <p>Chapter 7 is largely based on Chapter 11 of 'Programming with gktmm' and the demo
    included in the Gtk2Hs distribution.</p>
    <div id="footer">
      <span class="nav-previous">&#160;</span>
      <span class="nav-home">&#160;</span>
      <span class="nav-next">
      <a href="chap1.xhtml">Next</a >
      <br />1. Introduction</span>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
